Fix CHANGELOG.md (server.name does not exist) (#126)
open-telemetry/semantic-conventions: CHANGELOG.md

  ([#3402](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/3402))
    BREAKING: rename `net.peer.name` to `server.address` on client side and to `client.address` on server side,
     `net.peer.port` to `server.port` on client side and to `client.port` on server side,

>      `net.host.name` and `net.host.port` to `server.address` and `server.port` (since `net.host.*` attributes only applied on server side)

Author: I just changed this for consistency, but it's actually wrong.

All the net.host.* attributes apply independent of whether something is a client, a server, or neither (P2P, etc.). They are not defined with dependencies on these concepts.

>      `net.host.name` and `net.host.port` to `server.address` and `server.port` (since `net.host.*` attributes only applied to server instrumentation),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     `net.host.name` and `net.host.port` to `server.address` and `server.port` (since `net.host.*` attributes primarily applied to server instrumentation),
```
How about this then?

>      `net.host.name` and `net.host.port` to `server.address` and `server.port` (since `net.host.*` attributes only applied to server instrumentation),

Author: This is IMHO not enough of a reason and should be changed to the more wordy:

```suggestion
     `net.host.name` and `net.host.port` to `server.address` and `server.port` on server side (typical case) and `client.address` and `client.port` on client side,
```

But that would need to be changed in all the other points below as well.

It seems odd that a CHANGELOG entry produces so much food for discussion, how about removing the mapping from here entirely and instead doing what #43 suggests with a proper document?

>      `net.host.name` and `net.host.port` to `server.address` and `server.port` (since `net.host.*` attributes only applied to server instrumentation),

Reviewer 2: Resolving for now per https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions/pull/126#issuecomment-1602104246.

>      `net.host.name` and `net.host.port` to `server.address` and `server.port` (since `net.host.*` attributes only applied to server instrumentation),

Author: (unresolving after merge for easier future reference)
